wulles=wulles
sirio=sirio

notification.hotel.event.linkTitle=Go to Room
notification.hotel.event.linkUrl=event:navigator/goto/%ROOMID%
notification.hotel.event.message=<b>%USERNAME%</b> is holding an event now.<br>And you can win several prizes!<br><br><i>The event will be: %MESSAGE%</i></b><br><br>We are waiting for you there!
notification.hotel.event.title=New Event
notification.hotel.event.image=${url.prefix}/c_images/notifications/eventswulles.png

arcturus=arcturus
habbo=habbo

infostand.button.savebranding=Save
notifications.motd.title=Mensagem pra você
help.cfh.reason.sex_and_pii=Conteúdo sexual
help.cfh.reason.trolling=Má conduta e Troll
help.cfh.reason.interruption=Atrapalhar o jogo
help.cfh.reason.room=Comportamento violento
help.cfh.reason.help=Ajuda
help.cfh.topic.7=Links inapropriados
navigator.flatcategory.global.TRADE=Trading
navigator.flatcategory.global.RECOMMENDED=Recommended For You
navigator.flatcategory.global.HLIFE=Habbo Life
navigator.flatcategory.global.NEWVI=New
navigator.flatcategory.global.BC=Builders Club
navigator.flatcategory.global.BUILDING=Building and decoration
navigator.flatcategory.global.CHAT=Chat and discussion
navigator.flatcategory.global.FANSITE=Fansite Square
navigator.flatcategory.global.GAMES=Habbo Games
navigator.flatcategory.global.HELP=Help Centers
navigator.flatcategory.global.LIFE=Habbo Life
navigator.flatcategory.global.OFFICIAL=New
navigator.flatcategory.global.PARTY=Party
navigator.flatcategory.global.PERSONAL=Personal Space
navigator.flatcategory.global.REVIEWS=Habbo Reviews
navigator.flatcategory.global.TRADING=Trading